free gift
I heard you just said that you are going to Zhunhe Concubine
Go ahead and tell him for me
I am waiting for him here
I dare not
Now I know I dare not
late
Didn't you just say you can't convict your son without evidence?
Please, I have it.
Farewell
And here's the evidence.
This contains all the evidence of your Sun family's crimes
Including the evidence that your Sun family framed the world back then
See for yourself
This is impossible.
Impossible. I have already discussed this with the ministers in the hall just now.
I, Marquis Wu, take the lead
Assure adults
The ministers unanimously asked me to severely punish your Sun family
OK
Come and take down the two for me
Punishment after listening
Your Majesty, I know I'm wrong
Chen Rongchen knew that he was wrong and turned against His Majesty
Dong Shang Shuchen is here
I'll leave this matter to you.
Be sure to do it well
It's the police.
Your Majesty, come with me